=pod

=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

Mojolicious::Plugin::PgDB - L<Mojo::Pg> with L<SQL::Abstract> flavour.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use Mojolicious::Lite'
 
  plugin 'PgDB' => {
    pgstring => 'postgresql://user:pass@localhost/db1',
    dbiopts => {
      AutoCommit => 1,
      RaiseError => 1,
      PrintError => 0,
      AutoInactiveDestroy => 1,
    },
    schema => ['foo', 'public'],
    on_connect => [ q{set timezone to 'UTC'} ],
    debug => 0,
  };

  get '/' => sub {
    my $c = shift;

    my $user = $c->db->select('users', ['user_id', 'e-mail', 'info'], {login => $c->param('login')})->hash;
    $c->render(me => $user);
  };

  app->start;

=head1 DESCRIPTION

A piece of duct tape for L<Mojo::Pg>, L<SQL::Abstract> and L<Mojolicious>.

Creates all necessary stuff and provides helper to access it. Look at L<Mojo::Pg::Abstract> for details.

=head1 OPTIONS

=head2 dbiopts

  plugin PgDB => {dbiopts => {AutoCommit => 1, RaiseError => 1}};

Options for database handles. Check L<Mojo::Pg/options> and attributes section of L<DBI>. C<AutoCommit>,
C<AutoInactiveDestroy> and C<RaiseError> will be enabled by default.

=head2 debug

  plugin PgDB => {debug => 1};

Will load L<DBIx::QueryLog>, register hook and set up logging of SQL queries and their execution time to
app's debug log.

=head2 on_connect

  plugin PgDB => {on_connect => [q{SET timezone TO 'UTC'}]};

Execute set of queries on every new DB handler. No checks for malicious insertions!

=head2 pgstring
 
  plugin PgDB => {pgstring => 'postgresql://user:pass@localhost/db1'};

Connection string that will be passed to L<Mojo::Pg/new>. Peek at L<Mojo::Pg/from_string> for examples. Mandatory.

=head2 schema

  plugin PgDB => {schema => [qw(foo bar public)]};

List of PostgreSQL schemas for search path. See L<Mojo::Pg/search_path>.

=head1 APP ATTRIBUTES

=head2 pg

  my $db = $app->pg->db;

A reference to L<Mojo::Pg> object.

=head1 HELPERS

=head2 db

  my $results = $c->db->query(...);

Get L<Mojo::Pg::Database> object. Just a shortcut to L<Mojo::Pg/db>.

=head1 METHODS

L<Mojolicious::Plugin::PgDB> inherits all methods from
L<Mojolicious::Plugin> and implements the following new ones.

=head2 register

  $plugin->register(Mojolicious->new);

Register plugin in L<Mojolicious> application.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Mojo::Pg>, L<Mojolicious>, L<Mojolicious::Guides>, L<http://mojolicious.org>.

=cut

